Add config option to exclude 'le' from series sharding to ingesters / partitions (#12815)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Improved the performance of active series custom trackers matchers. #12663
* [ENHANCEMENT] Compactor: Log sizes of downloaded and uploaded blocks. #12656
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Add `cortex_ingest_storage_reader_receive_and_consume_delay_seconds` metric tracking the time between when a write request is received in the distributor and its content is ingested in ingesters, when the ingest storage is enabled. #12751

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add experimental configuration option `-distributor.sharding.exclude-classic-histogram-bucket-label` to compute the series hash – used for sharding – excluding the 'le' label. When this configuration option is set to true, all buckets of a classic histogram metric are stored in the same shard. #12815

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add anexperimental configuration option, `-distributor.sharding.exclude-classic-histogram-bucket-label`, to compute the series hash, used for sharding, excluding the 'le' label. When you set this configuration option to true, all buckets of a classic histogram metric are stored in the same shard. #12815
```
